louis ck folks wow these are dolphin
jokes can you get with it please fucking
do um pra my name is louie ck a run here
not a big deal fitness way ever since i
bought the hair tonic from Bobby Brady
so did you know how the back in the
third century did you know the chess
boards used to be around you know that
well it works it's a big fucking line
that I just made up it's her being here
so you don't get really stuck as if here
if there's something wrong with your car
tater something dangling off the side
Peabody pointed at you on the street you
know the first guys like oh thank you by
the 20 guys I fuck you can suck I got
the scar as shit is breaking on all the
time especially all those special
features that we're supposed to be
really neat to have but they're a pain
in the ass I think like the retract LED
lights to go up and down so now i have
the Cyclops car I don't know why they
keep changing cars it's a pain in the
ass I usually have an escort and they
move the horn on this car so I'm putting
it here on the steering wheel where it
has been for thousands of years a little
blinker thing if the push setting to
make the homework so you always end up
shoes like such weight and looking like
an idiot it's a timing thing you have to
be there at the moment you know and you
can do this in anger that's what it's
the horn you're not going to change
anything by talking tomorrow so if
you're gonna get your aggressions out
physically no hey you can't go hey you
know
and a worse scenario say you're sitting
in your car to get like shot in the back
of the head are you driving 90 miles an
hour you slam to a tree the horns over
here you don't even get through the old
you're watchin do that when all day I
saw see it say there's something wrong
with my car like say I I got a flat and
they're driving it anyway because I just
gotta I gotta buy cigarettes thus far as
a block away in on it yeah that's why I
smoke so I don't have to walk anymore so
I can cough I guess as you know you
start getting confused with the logic as
a smoker especially when you're sick and
you still smoke like you got the flu
real bad flu like cough it up a little
furry animals in the morn anybody check
this to the Ice Capades coming out of
your nose and you smoke anyway it's like
Jesus no then he keeps moving you'll
force yourself no matter how much it
hurts all day that's when you realized
focus it's basically like taking a
cheese grater go so probably really hurt
but that oh why not